## Prerequisites

- AWS CLI installed and configured
- Terraform installed

## Run Terraform Apply

To deploy the infrastructure defined in this Terraform project, navigate to the root directory of the project and run the following command:

```bash
$ terraform apply
```

Confirm the changes by typing yes when prompted.

## Upload a File to the S3 Bucket

After deploying the infrastructure, you can upload a file to the S3 bucket created by Terraform. Use the following AWS CLI command to upload a sample file:

```bash
$ aws s3 cp ./sample.csv s3://$(terraform output -raw bucket_name)/data/sample.csv
```

This command uploads the file sample.csv from your local directory to the data folder in the S3 bucket. The bucket name is retrieved dynamically from the Terraform output.

Once the file is uploaded, check the corresponding CloudWatch Log Group to see the log entry generated by the EventBridge rule.

## Optional: Using pre-commit for Code Quality Checks

This project supports [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) for automated code quality checks before each commit. Using `pre-commit` is optional, and commits can be made without it. However, it is recommended to use `pre-commit` to maintain code quality.

### Prerequisites

- **Python**: `pre-commit` requires a Python environment. Make sure Python is installed on your system.

### Installing pre-commit

If you choose to use `pre-commit`, install it using:

```bash
$ pip install pre-commit
```

### Setting up pre-commit

To set up `pre-commit` in your local repository, navigate to the project's root directory and run:

```bash
$ pre-commit install
```

This command installs the pre-commit hooks specified in the .pre-commit-config.yaml file.

### Running pre-commit

`pre-commit` will automatically run when you commit your changes. To manually run all pre-commit hooks on all files, use:

```bash
$ pre-commit run --all-files
```

To update the hooks to the latest versions, run:

```bash
$ pre-commit autoupdate
```

### Skipping pre-commit

If you need to bypass the pre-commit checks for a specific commit, you can use:

```bash
$ git commit --no-verify
```
